c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\bin\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni.exe.config
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\bin\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni.exe
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\bin\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni.pdb
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni.g.resources
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni.exe
c:\users\beatspro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\obj\Debug\WpfStavkaRacuni.pdb
C:\Users\BeatsPro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\bin\Debug\actiprosoftware.editors.wpf.xml
C:\Users\BeatsPro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\bin\Debug\ActiproSoftware.Shared.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\BeatsPro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\bin\Debug\actiprosoftware.docking.wpf.xml
C:\Users\BeatsPro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\bin\Debug\actiprosoftware.gauge.wpf.xml
C:\Users\BeatsPro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\bin\Debug\actiprosoftware.ribbon.wpf.xml
C:\Users\BeatsPro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\bin\Debug\actiprosoftware.views.wpf.xml
C:\Users\BeatsPro\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfStavkaRacuni\WpfStavkaRacuni\bin\Debug\actiprosoftware.wizard.wpf.xml
